![logo-image](logo.jpg)

![](https://badges.frapsoft.com/os/v1/open-source.svg?v=103)
![Version](https://badge.fury.io/gh/tterb%2FHyde.svg)
![](https://aleen42.github.io/badges/src/react.svg)![](https://aleen42.github.io/badges/src/router.svg)
![](https://aleen42.github.io/badges/src/redux.svg)

![forthebadge made-with-python](http://ForTheBadge.com/images/badges/made-with-python.svg)

\*\*Jaisalmer E-Commerce A Full-stack & Machine Learning based application
Open-source E-Commerce Application for 1 Click-Store deploy. Covering all the
basic functionality of an Online store, Jaisalmer E-Commerce offers superior
feedback in the forms of graphs, user monitoring, administration, and much more.
Some of the Core Features Jaisalmer offers - Product Search (Elastic Search DRF)
Categorization of Products Caching (Redis) Multiple Signup Ways (OTP, Email &
Password) User Notifications Customer Wishlist High-Level Logging System SEO
Optimized Personalized User Experience Tech Stack Frontend: Backend: AI & ML:
Cloud: Frontend Setup: npm install // for npm start (or) yarn // for yarn start
Backend Setup: python3 manage.py make migrations # Make all the necessary
migrations to the database python3 manage.py migrate # Migrate to Database
python3 manage.py createsuperuser # Create Admin User - access at /admin route
python3 manage.py run server # Start server Ground Rules & Expectations Before
we get started, here are a few things we expect from you (and that you should
expect from others): Be kind and thoughtful in your conversations around this
project. We all come from different backgrounds and projects, which means we
likely have different perspectives on "how open source is done." Try to listen
to others rather than convince them that your way is correct. Open Source Guides
are released with a Contributor Code of Conduct. By participating in this
project, you agree to abide by its terms. If you open a pull request, please
ensure that your contribution passes all tests. If there are test failures, you
will need to address them before we can merge your contribution. When adding
content, please consider if it is widely valuable. Please don't add references
or links to things you or your employer have created as others will do so if
they appreciate it. How to Contribute? If you'd like to contribute, start by
searching through the issues and pull requests to see whether someone else has
raised a similar idea or question. If you don't see your idea listed, and you
think it fits into the goals of this guide, do one of the following: If your
contribution is minor, such as a typo fix, open a pull request. If your
contribution is major, such as a new guide, start by opening an issue first.
That way, other people can weigh in on the discussion before you do any work.
Contributor: Congrats to these wonderful people who successfully merged their
first PR !! ✨✨:

<table>
	<tr>
		<td>
			<a href="https://github.com/gokulprathin8/Jaisalmer-E-Commerce/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=gokulprathin8/Jaisalmer-E-Commerce" />
</a>
		</td>
	</tr>
</table>
